Cousin as Daxia
Colluded with foreign enemies
What do you know?
I call the person who knows the current affairs as Junjie
Our family is even handsome in Texas
But it is no different from Great Xia
I took refuge in Siber
It's nothing more than finding a place for myself to stay
Sell International
No relatives like you
Wait until Princess Xibo arrives in Daxia
I want you to be my step ball
You are despicable
Siberwig, grab them for me, yeah yeah
Oops, why can't you open it?
I did it too
You let me go
defense
Is it less effort?
When you come out, a pig should waste you today, hahaha.
Then I'd like to see it
Are you amazing or my inner demon Wei Shoushou?
Stop
Light Snow